Add errors guide (#532)
thefrontside/effection: website/docs/guides/errors.md

to deal with errors.

``` typescript
import { main, sleep } from 'effection';

function* tickingBomb() {
  yield sleep(1000);
  throw new Error('boom');
}

main(function*() {
  try {
    yield tickingBomb()
  } catch(err) {
    console.log("it blew up:", err.message);
  }
});
```

However, note that something interesting happens when we instead `spawn` the
`tickingBomb` operation:

``` typescript
import { main } from 'effection';
import { tickingBomb } from './ticking-bomb';

main(function*() {
  yield spawn(tickingBomb());
  try {
    yield; // sleep forever
  } catch(err) {
    console.log("it blew up:", err.message);
  }
});
```

You might be surprised that we do *not* enter the catch handler here! Instead,
our entire main task just fails. This is by design! We are only allowed to
catch errors thrown by whatever we yield to directly, not by any spawned
children or resources running in the background. This makes error handling more
predictable, since our catch block will not receive errors from any background
task, we're better able to specify which errors we actually want to deal with.

## Error boundary

> If we do want to catch an error from a spawned task (or from a [Resource][]) then

Reviewer: I never knew you could link like this 🤯

we need to introduce an intermediate task which allows us to bring the error into
the foreground. We call this pattern an "error boundary":

``` typescript
import { main } from 'effection';
import { tickingBomb } from './ticking-bomb';

main(function*() {
  try {

>     yield function*() { // error boundary

Reviewer: Take this one with a grain of salt because I'm not sure how I feel about it myself. The example as-is is very clear, but it is also a good habit to get into to name your error boundary so that it shows up in the inspector.

```suggestion
    yield function* errorBoundary() {
```

Author: I see your point, but I almost feel that this would be confusing, both in the example, and showing up in the inspector. Maybe a more neutral name like `inner` or something like that would make sense, but if I saw this in the inspector I would be confused why everything is under an error boundary.

      yield spawn(tickingBomb()); // will blow up in the background
      yield; // sleep forever
    }
  } catch(err) {
    console.log("it blew up:", err.message);
  }
});
```

## Main error

> We have used the `main` entry point to run our code to run our code, when we build

Reviewer: Slight typo adjustment and re-wording suggestion.

```suggestion
We have already seen using the `main` entry point to run our code when we build
```

Also, since we're referencing having seen this feels like we should link to the guide that introduces `main`

our entire application using Effection. One advantage of `main` over `run` is that
when our operation fails, we exit the program with a proper failure exit code.

However, there are cases where we want the program to exit, but it might be due
to user error, rather than an internal failure. In this case we might not want
to print a stack trace. For example, if we're building a CLI which reads a
file, and the file that the user has specified does not exist, then we might want to
show a message to the user, but there is no need to show a stack trace. Additonally,
we might want to set a specific exit code.

Effection ships with a special error type, `MainError`, which works together
with `main` for these types of situations:

``` typescript
import { main, MainError } from 'effection';
import { promises as fs } from 'fs';

const { readFile } = fs;

main(function*() {
  let fileName = process.argv[2];
  try {
    let content = yield readFile(fileName);
    console.log(content.reverse().toString());
  } catch(err) {
    throw new MainError({ message: `no such file ${fileName}`, exitCode: 200 });
  }
});
```

When using `MainError` the stack trace will not be printed and the exit code

> specified in the error will be used.

Reviewer: I think an example of the difference will really cement the concept. What about showing this example code running both with and without a `MainError`
